---
title: "To Data Science"
bg: '#c4603d'
color: white
fa-icon: connectdevelop
external_links:
- text: deeplearning.ai
  url: https://deeplearning.ai
- text: Analytica Vidhya
  url: https://analyticsvidhya.com/
- text: Trip planning recommender
  url: https://medium.com/@rmwkwok/a-trip-planning-recommender-project-b6200571c0c8
- text: My blog
  url: https://medium.com/@rmwkwok
---

## TO DATA SCIENCE

<div style="text-align: justify"><h4>
After another 2 R&D roles in industry, I decided to pursue a different way to innovate - Data Science.  While limitation in Hong Kong was a factor, my background, the rising of the field, accessibility to infrastructure, and growing of the community were all my driving forces. 
<br>
<br>
In 2018, I modeled Lalamove's customer data with Bayesian statistics, and built an A/B test system to run a daily campaign so that I could react to the market response data-driven-wise.  We made a 10% MoM increase of revenue. Taking advantage of the company's strong foundation, my approach allowed us to fine-tune our strategy for a better and better return-on-investment.
<br>
<br>
To equip myself with the latest technology, I completed a 5-course specialization in Deep Learning (organized by deeplearning.ai of which now I am an alpha test consultant), and finished a trip planning recommender for the capstone project of the IBM Data Science Professional Certificate in 2019.  I had three other moves in the same year. 
<br>
<br>
First, I started to write data science blog, and shared my articles with Analytica Vidhya, receiving ~38,000 views and a 50% read-rate so far.  Secondly, I began my Master of Science degree study (specialized in Data Science), offered by the University of California, Riverside.  And lastly, I moved to Montenegro, a beautiful European country, for my first official Data Scientist position.
</h4></div>

## LINKS

{% include external_links id="external_links" %}
